Please find the questions asked in interview:

1.	Walk through current project and roles and responsibilities.
2.	Advantages of spring aop over aspectj.
3.	Map vs set. When will you use which one use cases
4.	Deadlock prevention ways, how you analyse
5.	Rest vs soap.
6.	How to make soap call via rest service. How seq in soap message will be maintained in conversion of request.
7.	What is lazy initialization.
8.	Topic vs queue. Limit number of messages in queue. How will you make only 5 subscribers to subscribe message. Implementation for subscribing priority messages first.
9.	What is spring security? How it works for authentication and authorization? How to implement different filters for different consumers.
10.	How ehcache works? How to specify max records in cache? How it is invoked? 
11.	Config server? How to set default properties in fetch from config server fails?

Coding round:
1.	Write code for right order traversal in binary tree.

Please find below list questions asked during interview.

1. Walkthrough with your current project and your role and responsibility and day to day work details.
2. How VM box deployment is different then containerized?
3. Diffrence between vm box and containerized?
4. java 8 all feature with explain wiht example?
5. what is java memory model and how manage memory internally?
6. how web Security implmented on web applicaiton with examples?
7. How you implemented OAuth2 in you micro services based applicaiton?
8. How you implmented security on Rest services and how generated authentication and authrization tocken?
9. How you will identify deadlock occured in application?
8. if deadlock occured, How you will resolve it with example?
9. what is redis cache and how you configure in your project with example?
10. what is diffrence between dependency injection and factory design pattern with example in details?
11. Asked some database complex queries to fech data from database?
12. Types of design patternts and explain observable, state, strategy and behavireal pattern?
13. Exaple of calling soap service to rest service and thier type conversion and data validation? list of apis used to impment of this?
14. what is Kafka? how you use RabbitMQ in micro service communcation? how did you manage channels and rabbit configuration.?
15. In JMS messaging system, if producer broadcast message to consumrs and if few consumers are down and what happened to message?
16. There was more qutions on JMS messaging system?
17. Practically where you will use soap and Rest service? diff btwn soap and rest with example and usablility?
18. How you will implment security on soap services and protect data in network layer?
19. how you will write custom Redice key generator program  ?
20. What docker? how you implmetned docker in your project? how deploy docker based services?
21. what cloud you used? define the services of cloud and tools used to manage microsrevices?

The interview questions were mostly asked from work being done in previous projects.

1.	Role of application context? (Significance)
2.	JWT Token working
3.	What is need of OAuth2 and JWT
4.	SOAP vs REST
5.	Swagger? What it is?
6.	Profiles vs Conditional annotation
7.	Creating Custom Jedis Datasource
8.	Redis Cache
9.	How to use configuration server
10.	Collections general questions -> which best practices have you used etc.
11.	Multi-threading general questions
12.	Thread pool working
13.	Blocking Queue
14.	XSLT for SOAP
